.\"
.\"     Title: Run
.\"    Author: wizawu@gmail.com
.\"      Date: 2014
.\"  Language: English
.\"
.TH RUN 1

.SH NAME
\fBRun\fP \- The missing script manager for developers.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B run
[\fIOPTIONS\fP] [\fISCOPE:\fP]\fISCRIPT\fP

.SH DESCRIPTION
Run is the missing manager for developers.

It helps to manage and re-use scripts more easily. After installing run, you get
the command run. Please run pt-summary and it will download the well-known
pt-summary to run. If you push your scripts to GitHub, you can simply use it
like run github:runscripts/scripts/pt-summary.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB-c\fP, \fB\-\-clean\fP
Clean out all scripts cached in local.

.TP
\fB-h\fP, \fB\-\-help\fP
Show a brief help message, then exit.

.TP
\fB-i\ INTERPRETER\fP
You can specify an interpreter (e.g., bash, python) here.

.TP
\fB-I\fP, \fB\-\-init\fP
Create configuration and cache directory.

.TP
\fB-u\fP, \fB\-\-update\fP
Force to update the script before run it.

.TP
\fB-v\fP, \fB\-\-view\fP
View the content of script, then exit.

.TP
\fB-V\fP, \fB\-\-version\fP
Output version information, then exit.

.SH FILES

.TP
\fI/etc/run.conf\fP (Linux, FreeBSD, etc), \fI/usr/local/etc/run.conf\fP (Mac OS)
System-wide configuration file.

.TP
\fI/usr/local/run\fP
Directory for caching scripts.

.SH EXAMPLES

.TP
\fBExample 1\fP
run pt-summary

.PP
This will use the \fBdefault\fP scope in \fIrun.conf\fP:
.TP
\fI\fP
default:\ https://raw.githubusercontent.com/runscripts/scripts/master/%s
.PP
And replace \fB%s\fP with \fBpt-summary\fP.
.PP

.TP
\fBExample 2\fP
run github:runscripts/scripts/pt-summary

.PP
This will use the \fBgithub\fP scope in \fIrun.conf\fP:
.TP
\fI\fP
github: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/%s/%s/master/%s
.PP
And replace three \fB%s\fP with \fBrunscripts\fP, \fBscripts\fP and
\fBpt-summary\fP sequentially.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2014 runscripts.org.

.SH BUGS
Please report bugs at https://github.com/runscripts/run/issues.
